Dear Diary ,

Today was one of those days when you start of at level mediocre and end up at level extra epic .
So today was our physics quiz . The quiz went nice except for a single two mark question , to solve which you had 
to be extremely cunning . The quiz , therefore , only went moderately well . And then there was this Swachh Bharat
Pledge , which mostly went "yadda yadda yadda two hours of voluntary work per week ..."..!!?? . The day therefore started 
on a rather meh note . Having slept only for fours the night before , I thought it might a nice idea to rest a bit 
before running off to the mechanical workshop concentration camp , but good ol' imgur had some different agendas .
I skipped lunch because it apparently had ' sambhar ' as the main curry , as reported in by Charles . Then on the way to 
the workshop Kunal and I grabbed a pack of Kurkure each , hoping it would prevent me from fainting in the three hour long
odd job course . And by god what a lab it was ! Filed my fingers off and burnt every ounce of strength I had to saw 
through a friggin piece of metal by my own hands . So much for Computer Science and Engineering . Returned to Olympus
(hostel 16 ) to find a rather stupid tomato soup with toast provided seperately and some finger shaped things that 
I had no idea existed till today . Then returned to the room for more imgur and loneliness . Now starts the impressive
chain of events that left us pretty much re-enacting the famous wedding gate crash scene of 3 idiots . Went down to the 
mess expecting fried Chicken , was dissapointed . They were serving the monstrosity they so hideously called " Butter 
Chicken " for the second time in the week . Didn't want to eat it , still managed to gulp down four chappatis with all 
the gravy that was so lavishly thrown out in my plate . Then we all had an idea - lets get a glass of lemonade after 
our drab dinner was over ! And I shit you not when I say that between the six of us ( Me , Kunal , Prem , Abbas , Gaurav
and Saqlain ) seated at our favourite table , none of us had a single penny on our name . So we did what any normal
person in such a predicament will do , asked Silu ( of the neighbouring wing ) for fifty bucks for the lemonade  .
Sadly , Silu refused to part with the only note he had in his wallet , a crisp 500 . But we didn't  give up ! We asked 
Deepak for the money and he gladly lent us his 100 rupee note . We went about to enjoy our cool lemonades , and due 
to some reason , Saqlain chose to abandon us . So we go to the canteen in 16C and all five of us drink our neembu pani
worth seven bucks , and happily return with sixty five still in our pockets . Now Kunal gets an idea . How about we buy
a yellow smiley ball for ourselves ? Off we went to 15A , but they sadly had none of those yellow smiley balls . We 
ended up buying a tennis ball worth fifty , leaving us the proud joint owners of a tennis ball and fifteen rupees .
But we never lost the sight of our original goal - the yellow smiley ball . Kunal knew we could get one in H1 . So 
then we went to H1 and bought the twenty rupee ball with the fifteen we had . On our way back , we found a tum-tum ,
and , in the nick of the moment , we boarded it , hoping to go all the way to the maingate . We were chit chatting 
when we noticed that the lawns in front of Gulmohar were covered up by some ceremonial cloth . A wedding ? The prospects 
of eating wedding food made us order the driver to stop while we all hurried out the mini bus . After lurking around the
rangoli decorated entrance a bit , we found that it was a dinner organised by ECell for ASCC ( or something ) . 
Whatever . The food sure did smell good . After debating among ourselves for a bit , we went inside trying to act
confident and normal , all of us wearing shorts and dirty t-shirts ( mine were the same that I had worn for the 
workshop ) . We sure were a sight in midst of delegates ( mostly Japanese ( or maybe I'm a bit too racist ? ) and
middle-aged ) wearing suits worth ten thousand bucks or more . We calmly went over to the last circle of chairs that 
were left unoccupied , trying not to laugh our asses off . I don't know why , but this setting seemed hilarious to me 
( and to the others , of course ) . Kunal got up and went to fetch us something to eat . Meanwhile , the servers kindly 
brought us some fish and veg starters which we whole heartedly devoured . Then Kunal brought in some rice and noodles
for the squad and a generous helping of icecream for himself . Finishing up the plate and taking inspiration from his 
dessert escapades , I too went in to grab me some ice cream . And returned , with ice cream and jalebis and gulab jamuns
and welcome drinks . Ate them off , and realised that I had actually gate crashed a dinner - my first . Achievement 
Unlocked ! And off we went - to Gulmohars terrace to enjoy the view of the party we had just raided . My only regrets ?
I was nearly full after eating my dinner at the mess . But then again , its not the amount of food that you eat , but the
fact that you ate at a highly sophisticated meet which was in no way suited for your freshman year that matters . The day 
ended at our terrace , which we had not visited since " the incident " . Another high point !
Moral : Everything great starts with chicken !
