Der Diry ,

Tody ws one of those dys when you strt of t level mediocre nd end up t level extr epic .
So tody ws our physics quiz . The quiz went nice except for  single two mrk question , to solve which you hd 
to be extremely cunning . The quiz , therefore , only went modertely well . nd then there ws this Swchh Bhrt
Pledge , which mostly went "ydd ydd ydd two hours of voluntry work per week ..."..!!?? . The dy therefore strted 
on  rther meh note . Hving slept only for fours the night before , I thought it might  nice ide to rest  bit 
before running off to the mechnicl workshop concentrtion cmp , but good ol' imgur hd some different gends .
I skipped lunch becuse it pprently hd ' smbhr ' s the min curry , s reported in by Chrles . Then on the wy to 
the workshop Kunl nd I grbbed  pck of Kurkure ech , hoping it would prevent me from finting in the three hour long
odd job course . nd by god wht  lb it ws ! Filed my fingers off nd burnt every ounce of strength I hd to sw 
through  friggin piece of metl by my own hnds . So much for Computer Science nd Engineering . Returned to Olympus
(hostel 16 ) to find  rther stupid tomto soup with tost provided sepertely nd some finger shped things tht 
I hd no ide existed till tody . Then returned to the room for more imgur nd loneliness . Now strts the impressive
chin of events tht left us pretty much re-encting the fmous wedding gte crsh scene of 3 idiots . Went down to the 
mess expecting fried Chicken , ws disspointed . They were serving the monstrosity they so hideously clled " Butter 
Chicken " for the second time in the week . Didn't wnt to et it , still mnged to gulp down four chpptis with ll 
the grvy tht ws so lvishly thrown out in my plte . Then we ll hd n ide - lets get  glss of lemonde fter 
our drb dinner ws over ! nd I shit you not when I sy tht between the six of us ( Me , Kunl , Prem , bbs , Gurv
nd Sqlin ) seted t our fvourite tble , none of us hd  single penny on our nme . So we did wht ny norml
person in such  predicment will do , sked Silu ( of the neighbouring wing ) for fifty bucks for the lemonde  .
Sdly , Silu refused to prt with the only note he hd in his wllet ,  crisp 500 . But we didn't  give up ! We sked 
Deepk for the money nd he gldly lent us his 100 rupee note . We went bout to enjoy our cool lemondes , nd due 
to some reson , Sqlin chose to bndon us . So we go to the cnteen in 16C nd ll five of us drink our neembu pni
worth seven bucks , nd hppily return with sixty five still in our pockets . Now Kunl gets n ide . How bout we buy
 yellow smiley bll for ourselves ? Off we went to 15 , but they sdly hd none of those yellow smiley blls . We 
ended up buying  tennis bll worth fifty , leving us the proud joint owners of  tennis bll nd fifteen rupees .
But we never lost the sight of our originl gol - the yellow smiley bll . Kunl knew we could get one in H1 . So 
then we went to H1 nd bought the twenty rupee bll with the fifteen we hd . On our wy bck , we found  tum-tum ,
nd , in the nick of the moment , we borded it , hoping to go ll the wy to the mingte . We were chit chtting 
when we noticed tht the lwns in front of Gulmohr were covered up by some ceremonil cloth .  wedding ? The prospects 
of eting wedding food mde us order the driver to stop while we ll hurried out the mini bus . fter lurking round the
rngoli decorted entrnce  bit , we found tht it ws  dinner orgnised by ECell for SCC ( or something ) . 
Whtever . The food sure did smell good . fter debting mong ourselves for  bit , we went inside trying to ct
confident nd norml , ll of us wering shorts nd dirty t-shirts ( mine were the sme tht I hd worn for the 
workshop ) . We sure were  sight in midst of delegtes ( mostly Jpnese ( or mybe I'm  bit too rcist ? ) nd
middle-ged ) wering suits worth ten thousnd bucks or more . We clmly went over to the lst circle of chirs tht 
were left unoccupied , trying not to lugh our sses off . I don't know why , but this setting seemed hilrious to me 
( nd to the others , of course ) . Kunl got up nd went to fetch us something to et . Menwhile , the servers kindly 
brought us some fish nd veg strters which we whole hertedly devoured . Then Kunl brought in some rice nd noodles
for the squd nd  generous helping of icecrem for himself . Finishing up the plte nd tking inspirtion from his 
dessert escpdes , I too went in to grb me some ice crem . nd returned , with ice crem nd jlebis nd gulb jmuns
nd welcome drinks . te them off , nd relised tht I hd ctully gte crshed  dinner - my first . chievement 
Unlocked ! nd off we went - to Gulmohrs terrce to enjoy the view of the prty we hd just rided . My only regrets ?
I ws nerly full fter eting my dinner t the mess . But then gin , its not the mount of food tht you et , but the
fct tht you te t  highly sophisticted meet which ws in no wy suited for your freshmn yer tht mtters . The dy 
ended t our terrce , which we hd not visited since " the incident " . nother high point !
Morl : Everything gret strts with chicken !
